clust: cluster_1000181
count: 2
avgle: 2160

1762 - Montesquieu, Charles de Secondat, baron de - The spirit of laws. Translated from the French of M. De Secondat, Baron de Montesquieu. In two volumes
1756 - NO AUTHOR IN DATA - The spirit of laws. Written originally in French by M. de Secondat, Baron de Montesquieu: and translated from the edition published at Edinburgh ...

-----------

1762 Montesquieu, Charles de Secondat, baron de - The spirit of laws. Translated from the French of M. De Secondat, Baron de Montesquieu. In two volumes id: 1325000501

 their presence, in execrations, deteflations, and conjura. tions. In things that prejudice the tranquillity or security of the slate, secret aAions are fhbje& to human jurifdiAion. But in those which offend the Deity, where there is no pu- blic afion, there can be no criminal matter; the whole pairhs betwixt man and God, who knows the measure and time of his vengeance. Now, if magiflrates, confounding things, lhould inquire also into hidden facrileges, this in- qulfition would bd direaed to a kind of aaion that does not at all require it; the Eberty of the fubje2 would be subverted by arming the zeal of timorous, as well as of presumptuous consciences againfi him. The mischief arises from a notion which some people have entertained of revenging the cause of the Deity. But we muti honour the Deity, and leave him to avenge his own cause. In effed, were we to be direaed by such a notion, where would be the end of punilhments? If human laws are to avenge the cause of an infinite Being, they will be dire(ted by his inEnity, and not by the ignorance and ca- price of man. An hiltorian g of Provence relates a fa9, which furni!hes us with an excellent description of the consequences that may aife in weak caoacitics from this notion of avenging the Deity's cau1e. A Jew was accused of hating blafphe- med againfi the bleffe& Virgin; and, upon conviflion, was condemned to be flayed alive. A fitrange fpeaacle was then seen: gentlemen maiked, with knives in their hands, a- fcended the fcaffold, and drove away the executioner, in order to be the avengers themselves of the honour of the blefIed Virgin. - I do not here chufe to anticipate the refletions of the reader. The second class confiifs of those crimes which are pre- judicial to morals. Such is the violation of public or pri- vate continency, that is, of the policy direaing the manner in which the pleasure annexed to the union of bodies is to be enjoyed. The punishment of those crimes ought to be alfi derived from the nature of the thing; the privation of such advantages as society has attached to the purity of morals, fines, shame, ncclity of concealment, public in- a Father Bouger

-----
1756  - The spirit of laws. Written originally in French by M. de Secondat, Baron de Montesquieu: and translated from the edition published at Edinburgh ... id: 0838300301

 their presence, in execrations, deteflations, and conjura. tions. In things that prejudice the tranquillity or security of the ltate, secret ations are subjec to human jurifdicaion But in those which offend the Deity, where there is no public ation, there can be no criminal matter; the whole palses betwixt man and God, who knows the measure and time of his vengeance. Now if magistrates, confounding things, should inquire also into hidden sacrileges, this in. quifition would be directed to a kind of acion that does not at all require it; the liberty of the subjec would be subverted by arming the zeal of timorous, as well as of presumptuous consciences against him. The mischief arises from a notion which some people have entertained of revenging the cause of the Deity. But we muls honor the Deity, and leave him to avenge his own cause. In effec, were we to be direced by such a notion, where would be the end of punishments ? If human laws are to avenge the cause of an infinite Being, they will be direcRed by his infinity, and not by the ignorance and ca- price of man. An historian (t) of Provence relates a fa&, which fur- nifhes us with an excellent description of the consequences that may arise in weak capacities from this notion of aveng- ing the Deity's cause. A Jew was accused of having blasphemed against the blessed Virgin; and upon convicion, was condemned to be flead alive. A itrange spectacle was thenfeen: gentlemen masked, with knives in their hands, ascended the scaffold, and drove away the executioner, in order to be the avengers themselves of the honour of the blessed Virgin.- I do not here chufe to anticipate the reflexions of the reader. The second class confilfs of those crimes which are pre- judicial to morals. Such is the violation of public or pri- vate continency, that i:, of the policy directing the manner in which the pleasure annexed to the union of bodies is to be enjoyed. The punishment of those crimes ought to be also derived from the nature of the thing; the privation of such advantages as society has attached to the purity of morals, fines, shame, necefity of concealment, public i- (t) Father Eouger

-----
